docs: managing projects (#2696)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/15-concepts.md

may use projects to define policies, such as whether a **stage** is eligible
for automatic promotions of new **freight**.

:::note

> For more information on the Project Resource types, promotion policies,
> and namespace adoption refer to [Managing Projects](./30-how-to-guides/40-managing-projects.md) in the How-to guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For technical information on the corresponding `Project` resource type, refer to [Working with Projects](./30-how-to-guides/11-working-with-projects.md).
```
